feat: Additional Features (#1425)
discordjs/guide: guide/additional-features/reloading-commands.md

# Reloading Commands

When writing your commands, you may find it tedious to restart your bot every time for testing the smallest changes. With a command handler, you can eliminate this issue and reload your commands while your bot is running.

::: warning
ESM does not support require and clearing import cache. You can use [hot-esm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/hot-esm) to import files without cache.

> :::

Reviewer: It appears that Windows support is experimental (https://github.com/vinsonchuong/hot-esm/issues/33). I think it would be a good idea to state this whilst this is an open issue.

> This section assumes you followed the [Command Handling](/guide/creating-your-bot/command-handling.md) part.

Reviewer: I feel like this should be a tip.

```suggestion
This section assumes you followed the [Command Handling](/creating-your-bot/command-handling.md) part.
```

::: warning

> The reload is not a command that should be generally used by every user. You should deploy it as a guild command in a private guild.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reload command ideally should not be used by every user. You should deploy it as a guild command in a private guild.
```

:::

```js

> const { SlashCommandBuilder } = require('discord.js');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const { SlashCommandBuilder } = require('discord.js');

```

module.exports = {
	data: new SlashCommandBuilder()
		.setName('reload')
		.setDescription('Reloads a command.')
		.addStringOption(option =>
			option.setName('command')
				.setDescription('The command to reload.')

> 				.setRequired(true)),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				.setRequired()),
```

	async execute(interaction) {
		// ...
	},
};
```

First off, you need to check if the command you want to reload exists. You can do this check similarly to getting a command.

> ```js {4-9}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js {4-8}
```

module.exports = {
	// ...
	async execute(interaction) {
		const commandName = interaction.options.getString('command', true).toLowerCase();
		const command = interaction.client.commands.get(commandName);
		if (!command) {
			return interaction.reply(`There is no command with name \`${commandName}\`!`);
		}
	},
};
```

To build the correct file path, you will need the file name. You can use `command.data.name` for doing that.

> In theory, all there is to do is delete the previous command from `client.commands` and require the file again. In practice, you cannot do this easily as `require()` caches the file. If you were to require it again, you would load the previously cached file without any changes. You first need to delete the file from the `require.cache`, and only then should you require and set the command file to `client.commands`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In theory, all there is to do is delete the previous command from `client.commands` and require the file again. In practice, you cannot do this easily as `require()` caches the file. If you were to require it again, you would load the previously cached file without any changes. You first need to delete the file from `require.cache`, and only then should you require and set the command file to `client.commands`:
```

```js {1,4-6}
delete require.cache[require.resolve(`./${command.data.name}.js`)];
try {
	interaction.client.commands.delete(command.data.name);
	const newCommand = require(`./${command.data.name}.js`);
	interaction.client.commands.set(newCommand.data.name, newCommand);
	await interaction.reply(`Command \`${newCommand.data.name}\` was reloaded!`);
} catch (error) {
	console.error(error);
	await interaction.reply(`There was an error while reloading a command \`${command.data.name}\`:\n\`${error.message}\``);
}

> ```

Reviewer: Add a new line after `delete`.

> The snippet above uses a `try/catch` block to load the command file and add it to `client.commands`. In case of an error, it will log the full error to the console and notify the user about it with the error's message component `error.message`. Note that you never actually delete the command from the commands Collection and instead overwrite it. This behavior prevents you from deleting a command and ending up with no command at all after a failed `require()` call, as each use of the reload command checks that Collection again.

Reviewer: MDN calls this [`try...catch`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/try...catch). Let's do that here too.

```js {1,4-6}
delete require.cache[require.resolve(`./${command.data.name}.js`)];

try {
	interaction.client.commands.delete(command.data.name);
	const newCommand = require(`./${command.data.name}.js`);
	interaction.client.commands.set(newCommand.data.name, newCommand);
	await interaction.reply(`Command \`${newCommand.data.name}\` was reloaded!`);
} catch (error) {
	console.error(error);
	await interaction.reply(`There was an error while reloading a command \`${command.data.name}\`:\n\`${error.message}\``);
}
```

The snippet above uses a `try...catch` block to load the command file and add it to `client.commands`. In case of an error, it will log the full error to the console and notify the user about it with the error's message component `error.message`. Note that you never actually delete the command from the commands Collection and instead overwrite it. This behavior prevents you from deleting a command and ending up with no command at all after a failed `require()` call, as each use of the reload command checks that Collection again.

> <ResultingCode path="additional-features/reloading-commands" />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Resulting code
<ResultingCode path="additional-features/reloading-commands" />
```
